Aar changes docs (#20863)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/install-configure/configure-proguard-or-dexguard-android-apps.mdx

freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

<Callout variant="important">

>   NewRelic automatically adds the following proguard rules for agent versions 7.6.8 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  New Relic automatically adds the proguard rules for agent version 7.6.8 and later.
```
